added multiple css handles (#78)
vtex-apps/reviews-and-ratings: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

- `formSection`, `formBottomLine`, `formRating`, `formName`, `formLocation`, `formEmail`, `formReview`, `formSubmit`, `formInvalidMessage`, `reviewCommentMessage`, `reviewsOrderBy`, `reviewInfo`, `reviewVerifiedPurchase`, `reviewDate`, `reviewDateSubmitted`, `reviewDateValue`, `reviewAuthor`, `reviewAuthorBy`, `reviewAuthorName`, `summaryTotalReviews` and `writeReviewButton` CSS handles.
### Changed

## [2.10.2] - 2021-06-02

### Fixed

- Fix for anonymous review submission

> - Review details structure (author and date) from using `ul` to `div` and `span`s.

Author: Sorry, my mistake. Fixed

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

- `formSection`, `formBottomLine`, `formRating`, `formName`, `formLocation`, `formEmail`, `formReview`, `formSubmit`, `formInvalidMessage`, `reviewCommentMessage`, `reviewsOrderBy`, `reviewInfo`, `reviewVerifiedPurchase`, `reviewDate`, `reviewDateSubmitted`, `reviewDateValue`, `reviewAuthor`, `reviewAuthorBy`, `reviewAuthorName`, `summaryTotalReviews` and `writeReviewButton` CSS handles.
### Changed

## [2.10.2] - 2021-06-02

### Fixed

- Fix for anonymous review submission

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Review details structure (author and date) from using ul to div and spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review details structure (author and date) from using `ul` to `div` and `span`s.

```

Reviewer: Looks like prettier is missing from this readme file.
